hi everyone this is my bike I've been
riding it for over a year now so maybe
it's time to do a review
everything's been holding up and I'm not
dead so obviously I did something right
and the kids been working really well so
I got this bike a Costco nemesis
infinity don't really uh don't really
know that's the popular brand name
because I've never heard of it before
but surprisingly it's actually holding
up a white weld so I have a thousand
watt golden motor rear hub and along
with the external controller so I have
somewhat of a torque I'm there I've gone
through so many different solutions for
torque arms it was actually really hard
to fit anything short of custom CNC
machined type of torque arm so I just I
don't know this has been holding up for
a year now I Drive a full throttle and
rough starts and everything all sorts of
all-terrain as you can see it's still
really muddy because they do a bunch of
off-roading as well battery rec is a
here it's actually been holding up
really well the one thing is the the kit
didn't really have a bolt with for this
so I just kind of used a couple washers
and I'm not keep that really tight and
only once if I had a bump hard enough
that actually caused the wreck to go
down a bit but I haven't had any trouble
since I retightened it and before I used
to before I tighten up my suspension
over here I hit this and it kind of
popped up um so yeah everything's been
really solid here I keep the controller
and a bag up at the front so I have the
controller over here and then the extra
cables and stuff on the other side and I
used to use the thumb throttle but now I
switched over to the twist throttle
because well I switched it over during
the winter time it's easier to use with
gloves and I just haven't bothered
switching it back to thumb throttle
again
yeah that's pretty much it
nothing too special just what they uh
stink this came with us seven speed gear
cluster that we are one two three four
five six yes it was a seven before and I
got the six-foot golden water just to
make it fit the wheel is slightly not
centered I just used a couple extra
washers on the left here to push the
wheel more to the right which made a bit
of a hassle to install the brakes the V
breaks on the back foot what I ended up
doing is I have the original brake pad
on here it's the long one and then on
the other side I got from Canadian Tire
a shorter brake so that works they do
wear down quite fast though so usually
have to tighten it up once in a while
yeah so key start just flick that on I
have a cable plugged in here so it's
nice when I slide the battery off the
rack I just tuck my cable holding itself
onto here and under the seat so when it
rains nothing gets in there and another
thing like even look this bag it's not
waterproof but it actually I've been
using this in the rain I've left it out
in the rain and came back and ran it and
it has absolutely no trouble so I'm
quite surprised spokes have never even
had to be tightened up for anything
know how we're gonna do this okay I'll
hold the pair here yeah
twist throttles about the lights on
there although from what I've read and
experienced the lithium-ion battery
isn't made to be compatible or more like
the throttle isn't made to be compatible
with the oh my on batteries because they
discharged at different rate so the
lights will go down to red almost
instantaneously not innocent Aeneas Li
but within minutes of riding instead of
over time there is a fix on the golden
motor forum that explains how to make it
work better with lithium ions using a
variable resistor then I have some
mounts for my flashlight switch to the
flashlight I also attached a eight
dollar keychain camera I got off eBay
just searched 808 to keychain camera and
I just taped it onto the flashlight and
then easily slide on slide off and you
know record stuff in case anybody hits
you know this is for my garmin etrex
legend gps mount I haven't really
bothered connecting my speedometer so I
just use the GPS and that's cruise
control button so it it doesn't control
speed it just controls the setting that
you put the throttle at so if you hold
the throttle at half and press the red
button when you let go of the throttle
it'll keep going as if you had half
throttle so meaning if I start going up
a hill it's not going to give it more
power to keep the speed of the bike
it'll just keep the same throttle set
and this is my reverse switch so if I
press that bike will now go backwards
if I press it the other way those fours
actually it's pretty light i estimate
the entire thing weighing just over 50
pounds or so so pretty light and oh yeah
horn so I have the little speaker in
there as well
for error codes and whatnot I don't
really beep it anybody knows of a way to
make that sound a bit more man
he let me know because I don't really
like honking it so I don't yeah that's
pretty much it keep my chain in there
you want to get yourself a good chain so
that nobody steals your nice ebike and
yeah this was like 40 bucks at a bike
shop that I got the guy said you need a
hydraulic cutter to get through it so
it's good enough for me yeah if you have
any questions just let me know I can
send you some pictures or whatnot or
instructions on if you need help or
whatnot so cool
see ya